chore: create QA codex discovery milestone (#110)
logos-co/roadmap: content/vac/qa/g/codex/test-automation-codex-discovery.md

---
title: "Test Automation Codex Discovery"
---
## `vac:qa::codex:test-automation-codex-discovery`
---

```mermaid
%%{ 
  init: { 
    'theme': 'base', 
    'themeVariables': { 
      'primaryColor': '#BB2528', 
      'primaryTextColor': '#fff', 
      'primaryBorderColor': '#7C0000', 
      'lineColor': '#F8B229', 
      'secondaryColor': '#006100', 
      'tertiaryColor': '#fff' 
    } 
  } 
}%%
gantt
  tickInterval 1month
  dateFormat YYYY-MM-DD 
  section Status

>     Test Automation Codex Discovery:  2024-09-01, 2024-09-31

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Test Automation Codex Discovery:  2024-09-01, 2024-10-30
```

```

- status: 0%
- CC: Florin

### Description

> - The goal of this milestone is to check unit and integration coverage of [Codex org](https://github.com/codex-storage) and in particular [nim-codex](https://github.com/codex-storage/nim-codex)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The goal of this milestone is to check unit and integration coverage of [nim-codex](https://github.com/codex-storage/nim-codex) and other repos in [Codex org](https://github.com/codex-storage) which nim-codex depends on.
```
